User Story

For her school biology project my twelve-year-old daughter asked me to build a website highlighting penguins. She specifically requested that the website should represent her research which is outlined as follow which she will used to showcase her project:

<Introduction>
I hope you find this website useful. It's really just a bunch of random information about Penguins and an expression of my personal web design touch. Most of the data on this webpage was collected from Penguins-World.

THE MOST KNOWN SPECIES:
Emperor Penguin
Royal Penguin
King Penguin

SPECIES THAT YOU MIGHT HAVE NEVER HEARD BEFORE:
Yellow-eyed penguin
Chinstrap Penguin
Fiordland Penguin
Macaroni Penguin

PENGUINS MOTION:
The walking motion when penguins are on the move from one location to another is called waddle. Penguins have short legs and their knees are close to their body. This makes the penguin walk look like a waddle, and hence the name. The next paragraph contains some very important information about penguins. You really should pay attention to the Species and Penguins tab to learn more about these wonderful animals. 

<General Knowledge> 
<About Penguins>
Penguins (order Sphenisciformes — family Spheniscidae) are a group of aquatic flightless birds. They live almost exclusively in the Southern Hemisphere, with only one species, the Galapagos penguin, found north of the equator. Highly adapted for life in the water, penguins have countershaded dark and white plumage and flippers for swimming. Adult penguins only recognize their own baby chicks. Parents can tell the chicks apart based on a unique call that every chick has, according to SeaWorld.

There are 17 penguin species part of the Spheniscidae family. This family includes non-flying birds with a semi-aquatic lifestyle and anatomical characteristics very different from other types of birds that we commonly know. Different species List include African Penguin, Chinstrap Penguin, Emperor Penguin, Gentoo Penguin, Adelie Penguin, King Penguin, Galapagos Penguin, Humboldt Penguin, Erect-crested Penguin, Macaroni Penguin, Fiordland Penguin, Snares Penguin, Magellanic Penguin, Royal Penguin, Little Blue Penguin, Rockhopper Penguin, Yellow-eyed Penguin.
